Add dark mode (#164)
meilisearch/vuepress-plugin-meilisearch: README.md

        maxSuggestions: 10, // Default: 5
        hotKeys: [], // Default: ['s', '/']
        cropLength: 50, // Default: 30
        layout: 'simple', // Default: "columns"
        enableDarkMode: true // Default: false
      }
    ]
  ]
}
```

#### Dark mode

You can enable dark mode by adding `enableDarkMode: true` to your configuration file.

> To override the default theme of the searchbar, you can edit your `.vuepress/styles/palette.styl` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To override the default theme of the search bar, you can edit your `.vuepress/styles/palette.styl` file.<br>
```

Reviewer: It's not convenient AT ALL, but markdown file does not consider your newline in the same paragraph. You have to put a `<br>` (or if you build markdown files, like in the documentation, download a plugin haha)

> A few variables are available :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A few variables are available:
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestions ❤️
